Chore/refactor payment card to ts (#3625)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/about-the-lib/releases/eufemia/v11-info.mdx

- change `width` from number to string.
- change `height`from number to string.

## PaymentCard

> The PaymentCard has seen some major refactoring, changing the api for the custom card designs. If you do not use the custom card feature nothing has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PaymentCard has seen some major refactoring, changing the api for the custom card designs. If you do not use the custom card feature, the only changes is prop names(from snake_case to camelCase):
```

- replace `product_code` with `productCode`.
- replace `card_number` with `cardNumber`.
- replace `card_status` with `cardStatus`.

> - remove `raw_data`. If you still need this this functunality take a look at the updated documentation for [PaymentCard](uilib/extensions/payment-card/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- remove `raw_data`. If you still need this functionality take a look at the updated documentation for [PaymentCard](uilib/extensions/payment-card/)
```
